What did the Lord show me last night concerning Donald Trump?
I saw him at a ballroom party.
I saw him; he was celebrating.
He had a tuxedo on.
They were all dressed up, but he had a goblet, a glass in his hand.
I did not see anybody putting anything in his glass.
I don't add to or take away from anything in a vision.
I saw a glass in his hand and it was focused on this glass.
I don't want to add; like I said, you add to it and you get flaky.
Don't.
This is what I saw.
I saw him holding the glass and then I saw him having a massive heart attack.
I saw something wrong in his heart.
I saw the waitstaff and I don't know what happened between the glass and the goblet and him, why he would do this, but he was holding it.
Now, all the doctors say he's okay, but he was holding a drink and I saw the drink and the vision was focused on that cup.
The Lord said, 'Pray over his food.
Pray over his drink.
Pray over the parties.
Pray over him as he has these get-togethers.
' So, instantaneously, you can add to it and say, 'Well, that's probably they're going to try to poison him.
' I don't know.
That's not what the Lord said.
All I saw was a cup with gold and I saw the drink and I saw the food and I saw the party and I saw everybody dressed up and then I saw him taking it to his lips.
And then he went down.
So, does that mean the poison is in his glass?
I don't know.
I can't answer that.
But the Lord said, 'Pray over his drink.
' Then I saw Don Jr.
again with the white outfit on with flashes and him being shot in the chest.
I saw praying over his son.
He was at a party and event again.
And then I saw the Secret Service; he said pray for their attentiveness even at a party.
Pray for their attentiveness.
Watching the crowd, watching his surroundings, praying for protection over him and his family.
So that's what we do.
Interceding for Donald Trump, for him to live long and finish strong and finish what God has called him to do, that no weapon formed against him will prosper, or his children, because it would cause great grief and he would not...
I'm telling you I've seen the outcome of what happens whenever his son was fatally wounded and the Lord said to me, 'You must pray for his children's safety.
' He was so grieving, grief-stricken, he could not function the rest of the term because he was grieving so much for the loss of his son.
He was not able to even hardly walk and I saw Melania.
I remember I told you all I saw his daughter dressed up in solid black and they were going to the funeral service where the inauguration was there by the White House, that church, it was like a big church service like that.
And they were going to this service and there were people from everywhere.
And I saw him walking down and he got out of the Beast and he was walking down and I remember him walking to the funeral reception, the service, and he was weeping.
He was weeping.
He could not keep himself held up.
They were helping him walk.
It was awful.
So when I have that stern of a vision, if I see something that clear, I've not stopped praying since.
Interceding for the protection of Don Jr.
, over Kai, over Eric, over Barron, over all of them, Tiffany, over Ivanka, that God's hand would be on their family and on his marriage.
So that's what we do.
We continue to do this.
And I saw an attack against his buildings more than once now.
I keep seeing them trying to attack his main attractions, you know, his Trump towers and hotels and golf courses and just interceding because of the plans to try to rob him financially.
But not only that, that caused a distraction to this nation by hurting his assets.
Where is this place?
I see white drapes.
I see chandeliers.
He's wearing a black tie.
He's wearing a black tuxedo again.
I see the tuxedo.
He has something in his hand.
Looks like a drink.
We know Trump doesn't drink alcohol.
I see this glass that has gold at the top.
There's gold at the top of this glass.
That's actual real gold.
It's like a golden glass, a goblet like fine crystal.
There's white tablecloths.
There's white tables with beautiful centerpiece arrangements.
These women are dressed up in ball gowns.
Men are in black tuxedos.
They're all dressed up very nice.
We pray a protection over President Trump.
We pray over him.
We pray over his sons.
We pray over his daughters.
We pray over his family.
We pray a hedge of protection around and about them, over every party, over every get-together, any kind of celebration.
We pray a hedge of protection that his Secret Service is more attentive even to the ones that are in the room.
Just because they pass security, the ones in the room...
I don't understand it in the natural.
We thank you Lord that President Trump is protected.
No weapon formed against him would prosper.
Every plot, every plan will be uncovered in the name of Jesus, at black-tie events.
We pray over Don Jr.
The blood of Jesus surround him in Jesus' name.
He will finish his course.
He will live long and finish strong.
We pray over his heart, over every artery, over the valves of the heart.
We call protection in the name of Jesus over drinks.
We pray over the food.
We bless his food.
I believe we can pray over his food.
I pray over his drink and the goblet.
We pray over his drinks, over everything that is ever handed to him.
You said we could eat or drink any deadly thing and it would not harm us.
Everything we drink, everything we eat, we thank you Lord.
You see that it affects the heart.
Like everything we drink, everything he eats, he's protected.
I pray over him as he drinks these things.
That Father, any kind of poison, any kind of thing, nothing comes nigh, even to make it look like an accident, like it's just natural.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit.
I thank you, Lord, that you protect President Trump.
That you raise up a hedge around and about him.
Father, I thank you that his Secret Service are so heightened and alert, they never let their guard down.
They are like a bulldog the whole time.
Always watching everybody's hands, always watching the people who are bringing refreshments.
Whoever is over that, I thank you Lord that they're smart, they're watching over what he eats and what he drinks.
They must not become lax; they must protect our President.
I pray over Mar-a-Lago.
I pray over any events, over his family, over Don Jr.
, over Kai, even over Barron, even over this boy.
We pray a hedge around and about his son that the Kennedy curse would be broken.